Increase coverage for `_generate_schema.py` (#5966)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/usage/errors.md

In other cases, the error message should indicate how to rebuild the class with the appropriate type defined.

> ## Custom JSON Schema {#custom-json-schema}

Author: Can you check if this is fine, please? 🙏

In other cases, the error message should indicate how to rebuild the class with the appropriate type defined.

## Custom JSON Schema {#custom-json-schema}

> The `__modify_schema__` method is not supported in V2. You should use the `__get_pydantic_json_schema__` method instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `__modify_schema__` method is no longer supported in V2. You should use the `__get_pydantic_json_schema__` method instead.
```
